## Ch3
\1. Which of the following are recognized process flow types?
 A. Concurrent process flow
 **B. Iterative process flow**
 **C. Linear process flow**
 D. Spiral process flow
\5. Which of these are standards for assessing software processes?
 A. SEI
 **B. SPICE**
 C. ISO 9000
 **D. ISO 9001**
## Ch4
\6. The concurrent development model is
 **A. Another name for concurrent engineering.**
 **B. Defines events that trigger engineering activity state transitions.**
 C. Only used for development of parallel or distributed systems.
 D. Used whenever a large number of change requests are anticipated.
\11. Which of these are objectives of Team Software Process?
 A. Accelerate software process improvement
 **B. Allow better time management by highly trained professionals**
 **C. Build self-directed software teams**
 D. Show managers how to reduce costs and sustain quality
## Ch8
\2. During project inception the intent of the of the tasks are to determine
 **A. basic problem understanding**
 **B. nature of the solution needed**
 **C. people who want a solution**
 D. none of the above
\3. Three things that make requirements elicitation difficult are problems of
 A. budgeting
 **B. scope**
 **C. understanding**
 **D. volatility**
\10. The work products produced during requirement elicitation will vary depending on the
 **A. size of the budget.**
 **B. size of the product being built.**
 C. software process being used.
 D. stakeholders needs.
## Ch12
\1. Which of the following are areas of concern in the design model?
 **A. architecture**
 **B. data**
 **C. interfaces**
 D. project scope
\3. Which of these are characteristics of a good design?
 A. exhibits strong coupling between its modules
 **B. implements all requirements in the analysis model**
 C. includes test cases for all components
 **D. provides a complete picture of the software**
\5. What types of abstraction are used in software design?
 **A. control**
 **B. data**
 C. environmental
 **D. procedural**
## Ch13
\6. An architectural style encompasses which of the following elements?
 **A. constraints**
 **B. set of components**
 **C. semantic models**
 D. syntactic models
\9. The criteria used to assess the quality of an architectural design should be based on system
 A. accessibility
 **B. control**
 **C. data**
 D. implementation
\12. During process of modeling the system in context, systems that interact with the target system are represented as
 **A. Peer-level systems**
 **B. Subordinate systems**
 **C. Superordinate systems**
 D. Working systems
\15. In the architecture trade-off analysis method the architectural style should be described using the
 **A. data flow view**
 **B. module view**
 **C. process view**
 D. user view
\16. A useful technique for evaluating the overall complexity of a proposed architecture is to look at the component
 A. cohesion
 **B. flow dependencies**
 **C. sharing dependencies**
 D. size
## Ch14
\9. In component design elaboration requires which of the following elements to be describe in detail?
 A. Algorithms
 **B. Attributes**
 **C. Interfaces**
 **D. Operations**
\10. In component-level design persistent data sources refer to
 A. Component libraries
 **B. Databases**
 **C. Files**
 D. All of the above
\14. Which of these constructs is used in structured programming?
 A. branching
 **B. condition**
 **C. repetition**
 **D. sequence**
## Ch15
\2. Which of the following interface design principles reduce the user's memory load?
 **A. define intuitive shortcuts**
 **B. disclose information in a progressive fashion**
 **C. establish meaningful defaults**
 D. provide an on-line tutorial
\4. Interface consistency implies that
 A. each application should have its own distinctive look and feel
 **B. input mechanisms remain the same throughout the application**
 C. navigational methods are context sensitive
 **D. visual information is organized according to a design standard**
\10. Which approach(es) to user task analysis can be useful in user interface design?
 A. have users indicate their preferences on questionnaires
 B. rely on the judgement of experienced programmers
 **C. study existing computer-based solutions**
 **D. observe users performing tasks manually**
\16. Several common design issues surface for almost every user interface including
 A. adaptive user profiles
 **B. error handling**
 C. resolution of graphics displays
 **D. system response time**
\18. Several usability measures can be collected while observing users interacting with a computer system including
 A. down time for the application
 **B. number of user errors**
 C. software reliability
 **D. time spent looking at help materials**
## Ch17
\2. Which of the following are design goals for every WebApp?
 **A. Simplicity**
 **B. Consistency**
 **C. Navigability**
 **D. Visual appeal**
## Ch20
\7. The level of review formality is determined by which of the following?
 **A. amount of preparation**
 **B. reviewer follow-up**
 C. size of project budget
 **D. structure of review**
\8. An informal review may consist of which of the following?
 **A. casual meeting**
 **B. desk check**
 C. inspection
 D. pair programming
\10. At the end of a formal technical review all attendees can decide to
 **A. accept the work product without modification**
 B. modify the work product and continue the review
 C. reject the product due to stylistic discrepancies
 **D. reject the product due to severe errors**
## Ch22
\5. Which of the following strategic issues needs to be addressed in a successful software testing process?
 **A. conduct formal technical reviews prior to testing**
 **B. specify requirements in a quantifiable manner**
 C. use independent test teams
 D. wait till code is written prior to writing the test plan
\6. Which of the following need to be assessed during unit testing?
 A. algorithmic performance
 B. code stability
 **C. error handling**
 **D. execution paths**
\8. Top-down integration testing has as it's major advantage(s) that
 A. low level modules never need testing
 **B. major decision points are tested early**
 **C. no drivers need to be written**
 D. no stubs need to be written
\10. Regression testing should be a normal part of integration testing because as a new module is added to the system new
 **A. control logic is invoked**
 **B. data flow paths are established**
 C. drivers require testing
 D. all of the above
\25. Which of the following is an approach to debugging?
 **A. backtracking**
 **B. brute force**
 **C. cause elimination**
 D. code restructuring
## Ch23
\5. What types of errors are missed by black-box testing and can be uncovered by white-box testing?
 A. behavioral errors
 **B. logic errors**
 C. performance errors
 **D. typographical errors**
\12. Black-box testing attempts to find errors in which of the following categories
 **A. incorrect or missing functions**
 **B. interface errors**
 **C. performance errors**
 D. none of the above
## Ch24
\5. Integration testing of object-oriented software can be accomplished by which of the following testing strategies?
 **A. Cluster testing**
 B. Glass-box testing
 **C. Thread-based testing**
 **D. Use-based testing**
## Ch25
\5. As the WebApp architecture is constructed which types of testing are used as integration tests?
 **A. Component testing**
 B. Content testing
 **C. Navigation testing**
 D. Usability testing
## Ch29
\1. Which of these are valid software configuration items?
 **A. case tools**
 **B. documentation**
 **C. executable programs**
 **D. test data**
\4. Which configuration objects would not typically be found in the project database?
 A. design specification
 **B. marketing data**
 **C. organizational structure description**
 D. test plans
\15. Configuration issues that need to be considered when developing Web and Mobile Apps include:
 **A. content**
 **B. cost**
 **C. people**
 D. politics
## Ch31
\9. Which factors should be considered in choosing the organizational structure for a software team?
 **A. degree of communication desired**
 **B. predicted size of the resulting program**
 **C. rigidity of the delivery date**
 D. size of the project budget
\14. The major areas of problem decomposition during the project scoping activity are the
 A. customer workflow
 **B. functionality to be delivered**
 **C. process used to deliver functionality**
 D. software process model
\17. How does a software project manager need to act to minimize the risk of software failure?
 A. double the project team size
 B. request a large budget
 **C. start on the right foot**
 **D. track progress**
\18. The W5HH principle contains which of the following questions?
 **A. Why is the system being developed?**
 B. What will be done by whom?
 **C. Where are they organizationally located?**
 **D. How much of each resource is required?**
\19. Which of these are critical practices for performance-based project management?
 A. assessing product usability
 **B. defect tracking against quality targets**
 **C. empirical cost estimation**
 **D. formal risk management**
## Ch34
\8. The task (activity) network is a useful mechanism for
 A. computing the overall effort estimate
 **B. detecting intertask dependencies**
 **C. determining the critical path**
 D. specifying the task set to the customer
\10. Two tools for computing critical path and project completion times from activity networks are
 **A. CPM**
 B. DRE
 C. FP
 **D. PERT**
## Ch35
\5. A risk item checklist would contain known and predictable risks from which of these categories?
 **A. product size**
 **B. development environment**
 **C. staff size**
 **D. process definition**
\6. Questions that should be asked to assess the overall project risk include:
 **A. Have top managers formally committed to support the project?**
 **B. Are end-users committed to the project and proposed system being built?**
 **C. Are requirement fully understood by development team and customers?**
 D. Does the proposed budget have time allocated for marketing?
\11. Which factors affect the probable consequences likely if a risk does occur?
 A. risk cost
 **B. risk timing**
 **C. risk scope**
 D. risk resources